---
title: "$> whoami"
date: 2024-02-23
---
# ✌️ Yo!

My name's Rayvon, but everyone calls me Ray — which I prefer, as there's little chance to mispronounce it. I'm a "social introvert" — I love meeting new people but will avoid a crowd like the plague.

I'm a passionate learner and tinkerer — having taken apart every electronic device I've ever owned to find out how it works, and fix or upgrade it. My passions have led me to love cars and computers — both highly modular and configurable machines in most cases — and have influenced my every decision growing up.

I'm currently studying to become an automotive engineer, with the goal of opening my own shop and spending the rest of my days building and driving the best performance cars I can. Outside the garage, I'm either sim-racing, or tinkering with my virtual homelab.

I also love open-source hardware and software, and I've realized that any project has the potential to become far better than expected, when talented minds from around the world work together.

After Edward Snowden exposed the US Government's numerous privacy violations — I can't thank him enough for doing that — I began taking measures to safeguard my right to privacy. I slowly started disconnecting from big brother's harvesting services, and switched to privacy-respecting, open-source alternatives.

I now use and support open-source projects whenever possible — whether in the form of money, marketing, or constructive bug reports — and I recommend them to anyone who asks. I also regularly encourage others to choose open-source technology, and to support them in whatever way they can. A little can go a long way!

Anyways, thanks for stopping by and getting to know a little about me. I wish you all the best and hope you surpass all your goals!

✌️ See you space cowboy...